Timeline autosave removed in favor of manual save (#4299)
elastic/security-docs: docs/events/timeline-ui-overview.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timeline-ui-updated.png[example Timeline with several events]

> To keep your changes in Timeline, you must save the Timeline before moving to a different {security-app} page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid losing your changes, you must save the Timeline before moving to a different {security-app} page. 
```
